# Introduction
The library python-visualize is a collection of python functions to create 2D graphics in Python.  As it stands, the library does not provide a uniform API nor does it contain optimized functions.  Both of those will, hopefully come, assuming that development continues of the code contained herein.  Then again, this is very much a "silly" project that is, in many ways, just the results of asking the question "what if."  Maybe it will be expanded, maybe it won't.

# Dependencies
As it stands, python-visualize depends upon Numpy, PIL, matplotlib, MoviePy, and blend-modes.

# License
This library is released under the (permissive) MIT License and, therefore, may be used in whole or part in almost all situations.  As this is a storehouse for test projects, however, I am unable to offer assistance in its use.
 
# Visualizations

## Snowy Landscape Animation
This animation uses the moon, mountains, and snowflake visualizations.  To generate an animation, first a set of snowflakes must be created.  This can be done by running the snowflake_visualization.py file as main.  It is worth noting that any number of snowflakes may be generated as the landscape animation will simply randomize the snowflakes from whatever set is available.  Clearly, a larger set of generated snowflakes is necessary to minimize the appearance of repetition in the final animation.  Once the snowflakes have been generated, the snowy_landscape_anim.py script can be run.  At the top of the script there are parameters that configure how the script actually functions including the number (and depth) of snowflake planes, the overall dimensions of the final frames, the animation frame rate, various directory locations and if a movie file (.mp4) should be generated.

This animation was used as the base of the video for the December 2021 video on my YouTube channel which visualizes a winter scene to the music of The Huron Carol.  In this case, the moon glow (as generated by augment_moon_glow_anim.py) was composited over the basic snowy landscape animation.

## Moon Glow Animation
The moon glow animation takes a series of frames (as generated as moon reference by the snowy_landscape_anim.py script) and generates a rainbow halo around the position of the moon.  If there are occluding objects, the moon frames must mask out the moon when it is occluded.  As it stands, this is to be called on moon frames and assumes that the actual position / size of the moon are not known.  It would make sense to also work to make this same rendering action possible if the information is known.
